humer/UvcCamera/BitmapToVideoEncoder.java
 humer.UvcCamera.BitmapToVideoEncoder
 humer.UvcCamera.BitmapToVideoEncoder$IBitmapToVideoEncoderCallback
humer/UvcCamera/LockCameraVariables.java
 humer.UvcCamera.LockCameraVariables
humer/UvcCamera/SetUpTheUsbDevice.java
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$1
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$10
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$11
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$12
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$13
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$14
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$15
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$16
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$17
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$18
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$19
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$2
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$20
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$21
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$22
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$23
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$24
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$24$1
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$25
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$26
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$27
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$27$1
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$28
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$29
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$29$1
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$29$2
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$29$3
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$3
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$30
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$31
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$32
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$33
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$34
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$4
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$5
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$6
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$7
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$8
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$9
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$IsochronousRead
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$IsochronousRead$1
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$IsochronousRead$1$1
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$IsochronousRead$2
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$IsochronousRead1Frame
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$IsochronousRead1Frame$1
 humer.UvcCamera.SetUpTheUsbDevice$Options
humer/UvcCamera/UsbIso64/usbdevice_fs_util.java
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs_util
humer/UvcCamera/AutomaticDetection/AutoDetect_Fragment.java
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.AutoDetect_Fragment
com/example/androidthings/videortc/InitCapturer.java
 com.example.androidthings.videortc.InitCapturer
com/example/androidthings/videortc/CallActivity.java
 com.example.androidthings.videortc.CallActivity
 com.example.androidthings.videortc.CallActivity$1
humer/UvcCamera/LibYuv/LibYuv.java
 humer.UvcCamera.LibYuv.LibYuv
humer/UvcCamera/UsbIso64/Libc.java
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.Libc
humer/UvcCamera/AutomaticDetection/LibUsb_AutoDetect.java
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.LibUsb_AutoDetect
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.LibUsb_AutoDetect$1
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.LibUsb_AutoDetect$2
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.LibUsb_AutoDetect$3
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.LibUsb_AutoDetect$4
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.LibUsb_AutoDetect$5
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.LibUsb_AutoDetect$6
humer/UvcCamera/UsbIso64/USBIso.java
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.USBIso
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.USBIso$1
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.USBIso$Request
humer/UvcCamera/PrivacyPolicyActivity.java
 humer.UvcCamera.PrivacyPolicyActivity
humer/UvcCamera/UVC_Descriptor/IUVC_Descriptor.java
 humer.UvcCamera.UVC_Descriptor.IUVC_Descriptor
humer/UvcCamera/UsbIso64/usbdevice_fs.java
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$USBDEVFS_CAP
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$USBDEVFS_URB_FLAG
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$USBDEVFS_URB_TYPE
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$Urb
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$usbdevfs_bulktransfer
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$usbdevfs_connectinfo
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$usbdevfs_ctrltransfer
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$usbdevfs_disconnect_claim
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$usbdevfs_disconnectsignal
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$usbdevfs_getdriver
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$usbdevfs_hub_portinfo
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$usbdevfs_ioctl
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$usbdevfs_iso_packet_desc
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$usbdevfs_setinterface
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$usbdevfs_streams
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.usbdevice_fs$usbdevfs_urb
humer/UvcCamera/UVC_Descriptor/UVC_Initializer.java
 humer.UvcCamera.UVC_Descriptor.UVC_Initializer
humer/UvcCamera/AutomaticDetection/Jna_AutoDetect.java
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.Jna_AutoDetect
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.Jna_AutoDetect$1
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.Jna_AutoDetect$2
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.Jna_AutoDetect$3
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.Jna_AutoDetect$4
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.Jna_AutoDetect$5
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.Jna_AutoDetect$IsochronousAutomaticClass
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.Jna_AutoDetect$IsochronousAutomaticClass5Frames
humer/UvcCamera/ReadMeActivity.java
 humer.UvcCamera.ReadMeActivity
humer/UvcCamera/UsbIso64/Ioctl.java
 humer.UvcCamera.UsbIso64.Ioctl
humer/UvcCamera/UVC_Descriptor/UVC_Descriptor.java
 humer.UvcCamera.UVC_Descriptor.UVC_Descriptor
 humer.UvcCamera.UVC_Descriptor.UVC_Descriptor$FormatIndex
 humer.UvcCamera.UVC_Descriptor.UVC_Descriptor$FormatIndex$FrameIndex
 humer.UvcCamera.UVC_Descriptor.UVC_Descriptor$FormatIndex$Videoformat
noman/zoomtextview/ZoomTextView.java
 noman.zoomtextview.ZoomTextView
 noman.zoomtextview.ZoomTextView$1
 noman.zoomtextview.ZoomTextView$GestureListener
 noman.zoomtextview.ZoomTextView$ScaleListener
humer/UvcCamera/LibUsb/JNA_I_LibUsb.java
 humer.UvcCamera.LibUsb.JNA_I_LibUsb
 humer.UvcCamera.LibUsb.JNA_I_LibUsb$Libusb_Auto_Values
 humer.UvcCamera.LibUsb.JNA_I_LibUsb$Libusb_Auto_Values$ByValue
 humer.UvcCamera.LibUsb.JNA_I_LibUsb$autoStreamComplete
 humer.UvcCamera.LibUsb.JNA_I_LibUsb$eventCallback
 humer.UvcCamera.LibUsb.JNA_I_LibUsb$logPrint
humer/UvcCamera/AutomaticDetection/Jna_AutoDetect_Handler.java
 humer.UvcCamera.AutomaticDetection.Jna_AutoDetect_Handler
humer/UvcCamera/SetCameraVariables.java
 humer.UvcCamera.SetCameraVariables
 humer.UvcCamera.SetCameraVariables$1
 humer.UvcCamera.SetCameraVariables$CameraFunction
 humer.UvcCamera.SetCameraVariables$CameraFunctionSetting
com/example/androidthings/videortc/UsbCapturer.java
 com.example.androidthings.videortc.UsbCapturer
 com.example.androidthings.videortc.UsbCapturer$Videoformat
com/sample/timelapse/MJPEGGenerator.java
 com.sample.timelapse.MJPEGGenerator
 com.sample.timelapse.MJPEGGenerator$AVIIndex
 com.sample.timelapse.MJPEGGenerator$AVIIndexList
 com.sample.timelapse.MJPEGGenerator$AVIJunk
 com.sample.timelapse.MJPEGGenerator$AVIMainHeader
 com.sample.timelapse.MJPEGGenerator$AVIMovieList
 com.sample.timelapse.MJPEGGenerator$AVIStreamFormat
 com.sample.timelapse.MJPEGGenerator$AVIStreamHeader
 com.sample.timelapse.MJPEGGenerator$AVIStreamList
 com.sample.timelapse.MJPEGGenerator$RIFFHeader
humer/UvcCamera/BuildConfig.java
 humer.UvcCamera.BuildConfig
com/example/androidthings/videortc/WebRtc_MainActivity.java
 com.example.androidthings.videortc.WebRtc_MainActivity
 com.example.androidthings.videortc.WebRtc_MainActivity$1
humer/UvcCamera/Libyuv.java
 humer.UvcCamera.Libyuv
humer/UvcCamera/SaveToFile.java
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$1
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$1$1
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$1$2
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$10
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$11
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$12
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$13
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$14
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$15
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$16
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$17
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$18
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$19
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$2
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$2$1
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$2$2
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$20
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$21
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$22
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$23
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$24
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$25
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$26
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$27
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$28
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$29
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$3
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$3$1
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$3$2
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$30
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$31
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$32
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$33
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$34
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$35
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$36
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$37
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$4
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$5
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$5$1
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$6
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$7
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$8
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$9
 humer.UvcCamera.SaveToFile$OptionForSaveFile
humer/UvcCamera/StartIsoStreamActivity.java
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$1
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$10
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$10$1
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$10$1$1
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$10$1$2
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$10$1$3
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$10$2
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$10$2$1
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$10$2$2
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$10$2$3
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$11
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$11$1
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$11$1$1
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$11$1$2
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$11$2
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$11$2$1
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$11$2$2
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$12
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$13
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$14
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$15
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$16
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$17
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$18
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$2
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$2$1
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$3
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$3$1
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$3$1$1
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$3$1$2
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$3$1$3
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$3$1$4
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$3$1$5
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$4
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$5
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$6
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$6$1
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$7
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$8
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$9
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$9$1
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$9$2
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$Frame
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$IsochronousStream
 humer.UvcCamera.StartIsoStreamActivity$Videoformat
humer/UvcCamera/Main.java
 humer.UvcCamera.Main
 humer.UvcCamera.Main$1
 humer.UvcCamera.Main$2
 humer.UvcCamera.Main$3
 humer.UvcCamera.Main$4
 humer.UvcCamera.Main$5
 humer.UvcCamera.Main$6
